Add note about new tags when modifying a forum channel: only `name` is required (#5458)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/resources/Channel.md

> ###### Forum Tag Structure
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###### Forum Tag Structure

> info
> When updating a `GUILD_FORUM` channel, tag objects in `available_tags` only require the `name` field.

```

ok yah sorry for another change, but I like @advaith1's suggestion of pulling it to the top—i think the footnote would be easy to miss

| Field      | Type      | Description                                                                                                    |
| ---------- | --------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| id         | snowflake | the id of the tag                                                                                              |

> | name \*    | string    | the name of the tag (0-20 characters)                                                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| name      | string    | the name of the tag (0-20 characters)                                                                          |
```

> | id         | snowflake | the id of the tag                                                                                              |
> | name \*    | string    | the name of the tag (0-20 characters)                                                                          |
> | moderated  | boolean   | whether this tag can only be added to or removed from threads by a member with the `MANAGE_THREADS` permission |
> | emoji_id   | snowflake | the id of a guild's custom emoji \*\*                                                                          |
> | emoji_name | ?string   | the unicode character of the emoji \*\*                                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| id         | snowflake | ID of the tag                                                                                                  |
| name \*    | string    | Name of the tag (0-20 characters)                                                                              |
| moderated  | boolean   | Whether this tag can only be added to or removed from threads by a member with the `MANAGE_THREADS` permission |
| emoji_id   | snowflake | ID of a guild's custom emoji \*\*                                                                              |
| emoji_name | ?string   | Unicode character of the emoji \*\*                                                                            |
```

Reviewer: while im looking at this, just updating the formatting for this table even though it wasn't part of your PR

Reviewer 2: most tables use lowercase descriptions so this would be inconsistent

Reviewer: @advaith1 they won't for long 😏 but fair, i will take care of in a big PR to refactor tables

> | emoji_id   | snowflake | the id of a guild's custom emoji \*\*                                                                          |
> | emoji_name | ?string   | the unicode character of the emoji \*\*                                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| emoji_id   | snowflake | the id of a guild's custom emoji \*                                                                           |
| emoji_name | ?string   | the unicode character of the emoji \*                                                                         |
```

> \* When updating a `GUILD_FORUM` channel, tag objects in `available_tags` only require the `name` field.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> \* If you are modifying a `GUILD_FORUM` channel with tags in `available_tags`, for the new ones added, only this field is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\* When updating a `GUILD_FORUM` channel, tag objects in `available_tags` only require the `name` field.
```

Reviewer: can modify the wording, but i think this is a bit clearer

> \*\* At most one of `emoji_id` and `emoji_name` may be set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\* At most one of `emoji_id` and `emoji_name` may be set.
```

> | Field      | Type      | Description                                                                                                    |
> | ---------- | --------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
> | id         | snowflake | the id of the tag                                                                                              |
> | name \*    | string    | the name of the tag (0-20 characters)                                                                          |
> | moderated  | boolean   | whether this tag can only be added to or removed from threads by a member with the `MANAGE_THREADS` permission |
> | emoji_id   | snowflake | the id of a guild's custom emoji \*\*                                                                          |
> | emoji_name | ?string   | the unicode character of the emoji \*\*                                                                        |
> 
> \* If you are modifying a `GUILD_FORUM` channel with tags in `available_tags`, for the new ones added, only this field is required.
> 
> \*\* At most one of `emoji_id` and `emoji_name` may be set.

Reviewer 3: Because a new PR would conflict with this one, can you make `emoji_id` and `emoji_name` both nullable and clarify the note?
```suggestion
| Field      | Type      | Description                                                                                                    |
| ---------- | --------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| id         | snowflake | the id of the tag                                                                                              |
| name \*    | string    | the name of the tag (0-20 characters)                                                                          |
| moderated  | boolean   | whether this tag can only be added to or removed from threads by a member with the `MANAGE_THREADS` permission |
| emoji_id   | ?snowflake | the id of a guild's custom emoji \*\*                                                                          |
| emoji_name | ?string   | the unicode character of the emoji \*\*                                                                        |

\* If you are modifying a `GUILD_FORUM` channel with tags in `available_tags`, for the new ones added, only this field is required.

\*\* At most one of `emoji_id` and `emoji_name` may be set to a non-null value.
```

Author: Didn't this got added in #5453? Without the note clarification

Reviewer 3: It appears so, sorry. Thank you for keeping an eye out, I experienced this in the production build and found this PR while looking for duplicates for opening one myself.

~~Going to mark this resolved~~ Nevermind - I keep forgetting I can't, well this has been resolved for someone who can.
